[pkg/ottl] Add path to access span flags (#45119)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: pkg/ottl/contexts/ottlspan/README.md

| span.links                                     | the links of the span                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | ptrace.SpanLinkSlice                                                    |
| span.dropped_links_count                       | the dropped links count of the span                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | int64                                                                   |

> | span.flags                                     | the trace flags of the span    span                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | int64                                                                   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| span.flags                                     | the flags of the span being processed                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     | int64                                                                   |
```

Please reformat the table
